Help me to improve the website/docs/en directory of the English document, many of the paragraphs are translated from Chinese, please find out these sentences are not authentic, without changing the original meaning of the case, replaced by more authent... (#6302)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/optimization/build-performance.mdx

### Enable persistent cache

Rsbuild provides [performance.buildCache](/config/performance/build-cache) configuration to significantly improve rebuild speed.

### Reduce module count

Optimizing the number of modules reduces bundle size and improves build performance. Read the [Bundle Size Optimization](/guide/optimization/optimize-bundle) section to learn optimization methods.

### Optimize Tailwind CSS

When using Tailwind CSS v3, incorrectly configuring the `content` field in `tailwind.config.js` can lead to poor build and HMR performance.

Refer to [Tailwind CSS v3 - Optimize build performance](/guide/styling/tailwindcss-v3#optimize-build-performance) for more details.

### Parallel Less compilation

> If your project uses the [@rsbuild/plugin-less](/plugins/list/plugin-less) plugin with a large number of Less files, you can enable parallel compilation to improve build performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project uses the [@rsbuild/plugin-less](/plugins/list/plugin-less) plugin with a large number of Less files, you can try enabling parallel compilation to improve build performance.
```
